# Module-9VisualizationinR
In this module we were introduced to three seperate ways of visualizing datasets through plotting in Rstudio: the basic function and its customization in r, use of the lattice package, and use of the ggplot2 schema. We were asked to download one of a series of datsets and then use it to create three visualizations and then present it through here. In this case, after playing around with a few options, I ended up picking the "aircondit" dataset, whihc seemed like a simple enough canvas to explore each of the three types through. First I tried to create a basic plot using the tools already avalaible through Rstudio. Quick and simple enough to set up, I then played around a little with the customization options, and found myself able to produce some visual changes. Simple and clean. I then moved onto lattice, having downloaded all relevant matters. I took a minute to reread and figure out the correct way to access the column names, and somehow managed to flip the x and y axis regardless first time, but I feel that I managed to make a functional plot. At the same time, I'm not very fond of lattice visually; the dots default to a small size and a color that seems designed to fade into the white background, and while it's simple to use I'm not particularly excited by it. ggplot2, meanwhile, took some effort to parse consulting both the lecture and the linked sites. The geom and aes portions took some time to wrap my head around and I'm still not sure I get them. The result is still visually pleasing, at least. In the end, while I acknowledge the flaws listed in the lecture, such as difficulty working with more complex datasets, I must admit I find myself fondest of the basic function.
